Elham Islam: Hello! This is a hump! What's up? And this is for the extra credit
Elham Islam: assignment.
Elham Islam: So.
Elham Islam: to begin with, we'll start with our app dot Java file.
Elham Islam: Here we import. To begin with, we import our inventory pricing, and a few subclasses
Elham Islam: or
Elham Islam: book pricing pen, pricing pencil, pricing and stationery, pricing
Elham Islam:  The app class is the same, has not been
Elham Islam:  in the public main polystatic main main function. We have
Elham Islam: our inventory. That's an instance which is still the same, and
Elham Islam: here we have our
Elham Islam: 4 different pricing instances.
Elham Islam: where we define book pricing, stationery, pricing, pen, pricing, and pencil, pricing as new book pricing.
Elham Islam: stationary pricing and pencil pencil, pricing
Elham Islam: as they are all different subclasses.
Elham Islam: We then have changed our sales instance here.
Elham Islam: and we call our sales constructor, but this time we pass inventory
Elham Islam: book pricing, stationery, pricing, and pricing pencil, pricing all as arguments.
Elham Islam:  the rent statements are the same, except here
Elham Islam: we have our book pricing dot get price that has been changed
Elham Islam: from before as
Elham Islam: this time. We're directly getting it from the book, pricing. subclass. and the same for
Elham Islam: stationary, pricing pencil, pricing and and pricing
make sales. or the same ex
Elham Islam: I mean.
Elham Islam: make sales are the same
Elham Islam: passive object, still the same. Okay.
Elham Islam: let's now look at our pricing dot Java
Elham Islam: as our inventory dot Java class is still the same.
We'll look at our pricing Java.
Elham Islam: as you can see. It's way less than what it was.
Elham Islam: We have our public abstract class pricing.
Elham Islam: We declare our private double price variable
Elham Islam: as a part of our class, and our instructor method here public pricing
Elham Islam: double and has argument double price
Elham Islam: which sets the price for the class as the price we take from the argument.
Elham Islam: We also have the get price method. which returns
Elham Islam: our price that we have set
Elham Islam: to this specific class in
Elham Islam: the constructor.
Elham Islam: So then, let's look at our
Elham Islam: sub classes start with book pricing dot Java. They're all very similar. So here we import our
Elham Islam: pricing class
Elham Islam: and our public class book pricing extends from our pricing class. So it has all the
Elham Islam: all the things we have in a pricing. We have the same in both pricing, except here we have
Elham Islam: public or constructor or book pricing constructor, which calls the super method
Elham Islam: which uses our
Elham Islam: which basically calls our parent constructor here.
Elham Islam: So it passes 10.0 as the price
Elham Islam: as an argument, and that goes into our pricing dot Java here
Elham Islam: as our argument, and then our prices set as the 10 point. Oh.
Elham Islam: the same applies for pencil, pricing, pen, pricing, and stationary pricing.
Elham Islam: Let's now look at our sales, Java, and see what's changed.
Elham Islam: This time we, similar to our main function
Elham Islam: or app dot Java.
Elham Islam: We initialize all our different pricing here, book pricing, stationery, pricing, pen, pricing, and pencil pricing.
Elham Islam: We then
Elham Islam: and it. We then initialize our method define our method.
Elham Islam: inventory. pricing, book, pricing, station, pricing, pen, pricing, and pencil pricing.
Elham Islam: We then set all our all of our variables here.
Elham Islam: 2. All the arguments that we get.
Elham Islam: and then
Elham Islam: we have our make sale.
Elham Islam: which is similar, except this time we have used book pricing dot get price. which returns the price of our book
Elham Islam: as we saw in our pricing dot. Java get price here. Calls that function calls that method same for stationery, pen and pencil returns false if it doesn't exist.
Elham Islam: And
Elham Islam: this card is the same.
Elham Islam: Let's now look at our sales. Calendar, Java.
Elham Islam: It's also the same.
Elham Islam: Okay.
Elham Islam:  that should be
Elham Islam: everything that I changed for
Elham Islam: the extra pet is. Let's let's run it and see what happens.
Elham Islam: Yep, so as we can see.
Elham Islam: starts the project available prices
Elham Islam: as we know it.
Elham Islam: sales transaction. True? True, everything's looks good.
So
Elham Islam: yeah, the subclass lives work.
Elham Islam: Yeah.
Elham Islam: thank you.